Fix/10up block theme readme (#321)
10up/wp-scaffold: themes/10up-block-theme/templates/README.md

# templates/

> Full-site editing templates for the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block Based templates for the theme.
```

## Files
- `404.html`
- `index.html`
- `single.html`
- `singular.html`

## How it works

> - These templates are used by WordPress FSE to render core view routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These templates are used by WordPress Block Themes to render core view routes.
```
